Georgia's research focuses on machine vision, namely teaching machines to see. Humans are naturally skilled at understanding complex properties of their environment from visual inputs. Inspired by human vision, Georgia's work focuses on endowing machines with visual perception. Her work explores methods for learning from visual corpora to tackle challenging visual tasks such as object recognition object tracking and 3D understanding from images and videos - effectively combining ideas from computer vision, machine learning, representation learning and computer graphics. At the intersection of perception and robotics, Georgia is interested in the design of automated systems that assist humans in everyday tasks. Advances here involve visual understanding but are not limited to RGB data. With the advent of new sensor technology, Georgia wishes to enhance perception with other sensor outputs, including but not limited to LiDAR, radar, AR capture streams, biomedical imaging and more. Modern machine vision requires efficient and scalable computational tools, which should be available to the public. Georgia has co-created, open-sourced and actively maintains PyTorch3D, a library of reusable components for 3D deep learning, and has co-authored Detectron, a platform for object detection.

Georgia obtained her PhD in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from UC Berkeley, where she was advised by Jitendra Malik. Prior to Berkeley, she earned her diploma from the National Technical University of Athens in Greece. After earning her PhD, she was a research scientist at Meta AI. In 2021, she received the PAMI Young Researcher Award, which recognizes a young researcher for their distinguished research contribution to computer vision. She is the recipient of the PAMI Mark Everingham Award for the open-source software suite Detectron. In 2017, Georgia and her co-authors received the Marr Prize for “Mask R-CNN” published and presented at ICCV. She was named one of 30 influential women advancing AI in 2019 by ReWork and was nominated for the Women in AI Awards in 2020 by VentureBeat.
